content/about/_index.md, before:

---
education:
- course:
    degree: Ph.D.
    institution: Stony Brook University
    major: American Politics and Political Psychology
    start_date: "2018"
- course:
    degree: M.A.
    end_date: "2018"
    institution: Stony Brook University
    major: Political Science
    other_info: 
    start_date: "2017"
- course:
    degree: B.A.
    end_date: "2017"
    institution: College of William and Mary
    major: Psychology (Honors) and Government
    minor: 
    other_info: 
    start_date: "2013"

#affiliations:
#- affiliation:
#    email: samuel.jens@stonybrook.edu
#    name: Stony Brook University
#    title: Doctoral Candidate

blog: false

cv: SamuelJens_CV.pdf

date: "2020-10-20T17:51:47+03:30"

draft: false

full_name: Samuel Jens

headless: true

interests:
- American Politics
- Legislative Behavior
- Political Psychology
- Research Methods

profile_picture: profile.png

socials:
  #facebook: YOUR_NAME
  #github: YOUR_NAME
  #google_scholar: YOUR_NAME
  #twitch: YOUR_NAME
  linkedin: samuel-jens-472040a0/
  twitter: SamuelAJens
title: about
---

**Hello and welcome,**

I am a PhD candidate in the Department of Political Science at Stony Brook University. My dissertation measures risk aversion of elected officials in the US Congress using speeches (text) from the Congressional Record. My committee is chaired by Professor Ryan Vander Wielen and includes Professor Michael Peress and Professor Stanley Feldman. 

The first chapter of my dissertation presents a methods-based approach for measuring traits of legislators using text/speech data. My second and third chapters examine how risk aversion influences the progressive ambition of House members and their legislative styles, respectively. 

Outside of school, I enjoy biking, camping, and GT3/4 racing.

Thank you for visiting my personal website! You may find my current CV (updated August 2021) at the top of the page.

Commit message:

Updating page to show email.

content/about/_index.md, after:

---
education:
- course:
    degree: Ph.D.
    institution: Stony Brook University
    major: American Politics and Political Psychology
    start_date: "2018"
- course:
    degree: M.A.
    end_date: "2018"
    institution: Stony Brook University
    major: Political Science
    other_info: 
    start_date: "2017"
- course:
    degree: B.A.
    end_date: "2017"
    institution: College of William and Mary
    major: Psychology (Honors) and Government
    minor: 
    other_info: 
    start_date: "2013"

#affiliations:
#- affiliation:
#    email: samuel.jens@stonybrook.edu
#    name: Stony Brook University
#    title: Doctoral Candidate

blog: false

cv: SamuelJens_CV.pdf

date: "2020-10-20T17:51:47+03:30"

draft: false

full_name: Samuel Jens

headless: true

interests:
- American Politics
- Legislative Behavior
- Political Psychology
- Research Methods

profile_picture: profile.png

socials:
  #facebook: YOUR_NAME
  #github: YOUR_NAME
  #google_scholar: YOUR_NAME
  #twitch: YOUR_NAME
  linkedin: samuel-jens-472040a0/
  twitter: SamuelAJens
title: about
---

**Hello and welcome,**

I am a PhD candidate in the Department of Political Science at Stony Brook University. My dissertation measures risk aversion of elected officials in the US Congress using speeches (text) from the Congressional Record. My committee is chaired by Professor Ryan Vander Wielen and includes Professor Michael Peress and Professor Stanley Feldman. 

The first chapter of my dissertation presents a methods-based approach for measuring traits of legislators using text/speech data. My second and third chapters examine how risk aversion influences the progressive ambition of House members and their legislative styles, respectively. 

Outside of school, I enjoy biking, camping, and GT3/4 racing.

Thank you for visiting my personal website! You may find my current CV (updated August 2021) at the top of the page. You may reach me via email at samuel [dot] jens [@] stonybrook [dot] edu.
